README.md, before:


# Quadcopter-control-and-trajectory-visualization



### Contents:
- Modelization, simulation and control of a quadcopter UAV
- Visualization of its trajectory and tracking performance 
- Implementation of different nonlinear controlers (**upcoming**)
- Development of state estimators based on noisy measurements and inputs, and performance assessment (**upcoming**)
- Control based on the state estimates (**to do**)
- Add perturbations (wind gust) and parametric uncertainties (**to do**)
- Assess controlers robustness (**to do**)

### Goal:
<div align="center">
<img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="25" height="25" alt="UAV"/>
➡️🚩✅
<!-- <a href="https://twitter.com/abhisheknaiidu" ><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/abhisheknaiidu.svg?style=social" /> </a> -->
<br>


<!--<a href="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme?color=2b9348" alt="License Badge"/></a> -->


</div>


<img alt="Illustration" src="pictures/quadcopter_traj_anime.jpg"> </img>


<!-- <i>List of functions</i>  -->



<div align="center">
<br> 
<br> 
<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg" alt="Awesome Badge"/>
<br> 
<img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="50" height="50" alt="UAV"/> <i> 🌟 Loved the project? Add it to your **starred repo** ! 🌟 </i> <img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="50" height="50" alt="UAV"/>
</div>

Commit message:

Add usage instructions to README
Added usage instructions for the MATLAB simulation.

README.md, after:


# Quadcopter-control-and-trajectory-visualization



### Contents:
- Modelization, simulation and control of a quadcopter UAV
- Visualization of its trajectory and tracking performance 
- Implementation of different nonlinear controlers (**upcoming**)
- Development of state estimators based on noisy measurements and inputs, and performance assessment (**upcoming**)
- Control based on the state estimates (**to do**)
- Add perturbations (wind gust) and parametric uncertainties (**to do**)
- Assess controlers robustness (**to do**)

### Goal:
<div align="center">
<img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="25" height="25" alt="UAV"/>
➡️🚩✅
<!-- <a href="https://twitter.com/abhisheknaiidu" ><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/abhisheknaiidu.svg?style=social" /> </a> -->
<br>


<!--<a href="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/abhisheknaiidu/awesome-github-profile-readme?color=2b9348" alt="License Badge"/></a> -->


</div>


<img alt="Illustration" src="pictures/quadcopter_traj_anime.jpg"> </img>


<!-- <i>List of functions</i>  -->


## How to use it

1. Add the entire folder to the Matlab path (addpath(genpath("path/folder")))
2. Run the main script `quadcopter_command_main.m` using MATLAB to launch the simulation
3. Run the script `plot3D_anime_body_frame.m` to launch the animation window desplaying the 3D trajectory of the UAV, its state evolution and the position reference to follow.

<div align="center">
<br> 
<br> 
<img src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg" alt="Awesome Badge"/>
<br> 
<img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="50" height="50" alt="UAV"/> <i> 🌟 Loved the project? Add it to your **starred repo** ! 🌟 </i> <img src="pictures/uav3.png" width="50" height="50" alt="UAV"/>
</div>
